Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now of other users tab.
You can see we currently have one side of it.
Now the problem is we have some additional fields such as the full name and user name are the reason
for this.
So we have more information about the sign up user.
Okay.
But unfortunately, the firebase only supports the email and the password.
So what we can do, we can store the data.
There is data or all the data in this class to our database.
Okay.
Now, in this lecture on the sets of the first database.
So what you are going to do, remember, it is on the educational tab.
We also will enable the email and password.
So in order for us to use the fire store database.
Yes, of course.
Regression we need to do.
So what I want to do is I'm going to click on it or I'm going to open in a new tab.
Okay.
Now we are going to click on Create Database.
That is asking either to choose to start in production mode or choose the start to test.
Well, you can either just go with the test mode or the production mode.
Not really a big deal.
You can just go ahead with the prediction mode.
Okay.
For now, I'm just going to go ahead with the test mode.
Now, I will click on next.
Okay.
We can go with the defaults or you can just click on it to select.
They're going to click on it.
Okay.
This is going to take some time.
It's going to take some time.
Okay.
Or what I'm just going to do with to stuff this video.
And in this picture, we're going to continue.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this picture.